Doc issue 78 (#94)
bluesky/event-model: docs/source/event-descriptors.rst

Event Descriptors
=================

> In the section on :doc:`documents`, we gave an overview of the four kinds of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the section on :doc:`data-model`, we gave an overview of the types of
```

Author: check

> document. We presented an example Run Start, Event, and Run Stop, but we

Reviewer: This second sentence is no longer accurate. We do present an Event Descriptor example. We just down break it down and discuss it in detail.

Author: check

deferred detailed discussion of the Event Descriptor.

Recall our example 'event' document.

.. code-block:: python

>     # 'event' document (same as above, shown again for reference)

Reviewer: "above" is out of date --- this is own its own page

Author: check
